Narrator;You meet a girl named Caroline and become fast friends in elementary school.
Tommy;Hey, do you wanna come to my birthday party?
Caroline;Okay, sure!
Narrator;On your birthday she gets you a Super Kawaii Kaiju action figure.
Tommy;AAAAAAAAAA I love Super Kawaii Kaiju how did you know!?
Caroline;You tell me the plot of every episode every other day. How could I NOT know?
Tommy;Oh... Do you want me to stop telling you the plot of every episode every other day?
Caroline;Mmmmmmmmmmmm no. I like hearing about it. If anything, you could start telling me the plot of every episode every day.
Narrator;You start telling her the plot of every episode every day, and every day you like her more and more until you eventually realize that you have a crush on her.
Tommy;I can't tell her, I'm too nervous. Plus I'm only in elementary school.
Narrator;You go through middle school and high school together without mentioning a thing about your love for her. 
Caroline;So, what college have you decided to go to?
Tommy;State College University.
Caroline;Really?
Tommy;Uh, yea?
Caroline;Then I'm going there too.
Tommy;Why?
Caroline;Well if I'm not there with you, how are you going to get any work done?
Tommy;Heh, I suppose that's true. I would've probably flunked out of highschool already if you weren't here for me. 
Tommy;... You're really gonna go to State College University just because I'm going?
Caroline;Well, no. They also have a really good computer science program.
Tommy:Pft, I knew it.
Narrator;You both major in computer science and end up having a whole bunch of classes together, and thanks to her help you're able to pass most of them. You love her now more than ever.
Narrator;Finally, one rainy day in spring, you muster up the courage to finally say...
Prompt;I love you
Narrator;She smiles.
Caroline:I love you too.
Narrator;You spend four unforgettable years of college together and both graduate with a computer science degree.
Narrator;You both get a job in Nevada and start living together.
Tom;Hey, do you wanna go on a date?
Caroline;Ooooh yea. Can we go to that new spaghetti place that opened up downtown?
Tom;Sure.
Narrator;In the middle of eating dessert you get down on one knee and propose to her. You're shaking with fear, but you manage to ask her.
Prompt;Will you marry me?
Narrator;Caroline covers her mouth with tears in her eyes and says.
Caroline;Yes.
Narrator;You get married.
Caroline;Do you want to get a dog?
Tom;Hmmmm, I guess. What kind?
Caroline;Hmmmmmmmm, I dunno, something big and strong like you, like a chihuahua.
Tom;Oh hah hah. 
Narrator;You end up getting a golden retriever and name him Kaiju.
Prompt;Life is good
Narrator;Several years pass
Narrator;One night you come home, and Caroline isn't there. You're worried, but you're sure it's fine. 
Narrator;You go to sleep and wake up the next day to a phone call. Caroline got in a car accident.
Narrator;She's dead.
Prompt;No
Narrator;You go to work the next day pretending like nothing is wrong, acting as if it's all a lie. You end up having to stay late.
Tom;Ugh, this is so much work, I'm not gonna get home until like 4 A.M.. I can't do this!
#Scene;Computer fight scene